(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(whimsical music)
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
the Digital World.
(whimsical music)
Tai Kamiya and the rest
of the Digi-Destined
continue to journey onward
to a new stage in
their adventure,
along with their
partner Digimon.
-(whimsical music)
-(water splashes)
Meanwhile in the real world,
enormous shipping vessels
everywhere fell into dangerous
and uncontrollable
patterns of movement.
The world was facing
a looming crisis.
Izzy worked diligently
on a counter plan.
Wait a second, that's it!
-Huh.
-(air whooshing)
-(whimsical music)
(water splashes)
(OM chomping)
So yummy!
(air whooshing)
The Cloud Continent
sure looks tiny
from where we are now.
Who'da thunk it, ya know?
That we were floating in
the air this entire time.
You didn't know either, huh?
Mm, and at that altitude,
I think it'd even elude Peckmon.
But if we can't make our
way back, then so be it.
At this point we've no other
choice but to keep moving on.
(CM eating)
I wonder what kind of new
Digimon we'll find down here.
You know what I wonder about,
I wonder where in the world
ElDradimon might be taking us.
Huh.
-(water splashing)
-(whimsical music)
That's Seadramon
and Ebidramon too!
-(whimsical music)
-(Seadramon roars)
(Seadramon squeaks)
(water bubbling)
(whimsical music)
What the heck?
Don't leave us hanging Izzy!
Did you find something?
Uh-huh, it's about the tankers.
We might be able to
help them regain control
without having to
fight the Zurumon.
-Huh.
It seems that the
source of the problem
is an infiltration of the AIS,
or Automatic
Identification System.
That system uses GPS
signals as its base
to locate other ships.
In other words, there's
a bug confusing it
while it's reading the
ships' positional data.
Once we find out
how to fix that bug
so the system can do its job,
then the vessels should
be clear to steer again.
But they still won't be
able to use their GPS.
Yeah, but look at this.
(whimsical music)
You're not wrong, Sora.
It's true that the networks
going through the GPS
are infected and unusable.
However, if we can
access the GMDSS
that's installed aboard
each of the ships instead,
we can send the data
through a previously
used satellite network
without using GPS.
Hold on though, what're
we sending it through?
The DND what? Uh.
If a ship needs to send an SOS,
they use the GMDSS, also known
as the Global Maritime
Distress and Safety System.
Oh.
And that network should
still be safe to use, right?
Right!
Wow, talk about a lucky break.
As long as it's
a distress signal
then we can communicate with
a vessel without a hitch.
And that's not all,
we can correct course.
These types of signals include
positional data as well.
Basically, If we
manage to broadcast
an old-fashioned SOS call
from a responsive ship,
it should pass through
the uninfected network,
beam down from the satellites,
and give accurate coordinates
to the unresponsive ships.
If my theory is true,
any AIS in the area with buggy
information will be fixed,
which should allow the
navigational systems function.
That sounds great, but can
it reach all ships worldwide?
Unfortunately, it can't.
A distress signal will only
travel up to a certain distance.
But, if the ships
that do receive the signal
successfully transmit it
to another ship,
maybe that way we
can eventually relay
the signal across the world.
Well, that's a longshot, but
what if it falls through.
It could, but it's
our only option.
(whimsical music)
(WaruSeadramon roars)
It's a WaruSeadramon!
He just ate the other
guy and digivolved.
(people yelling)
(WaruSeadramon roars)
TK, look out.
Patamon!
-(air whooshing)
-(whimsical music)
Agumon digivolve too.
(whimsical music)
Greymon.
Gabumon digivolve too.
Garurumon!
(Greymon roar)
(Garurumon roar)
(whimsical music)
Falcomon!
-(whimsical music)
-(object squeaking)
Fist of the Beast King.
-(air whooshing)
-(fist booms)
(whimsical music)
(WaruSeadramon squeaking)
WaruSeadramon's real hungry
and he's saying that
there's lots of food here.
Sure hope he doesn't mean us.
-(water splashes)
-(whimsical music)
It's coming right for us.
-(objects squeaking)
-(fire ball roaring)
-(air booms)
-(whimsical music)
(WaruSeadramon booms)
[Greymon] Wait, was
it summoned here?
(whimsical music)
(fire ball squeaks)
You're fighting MegaSeadramon,
both of 'em are Ultimate
Digimon, so be careful.
Hear that Matt?
We need to get TK and
Patamon somewhere safe.
-(whimsical music)
-(MegaSeadramon roars)
(keyboard clicks)
(air whooshing)
Nice, I found a fishing
boat in Yokohama
in the perfect spot.
I'll borrow its comm system
so so we can send out
a distress signal.
(signal beeping)
Are those blue rings the SOS?
Yes, and this vessel over here
should be receiving
it any moment now.
(ship clanking)
(signal beeps)
What the?
The system recovered.
But how?
(signal beeps)
They're okay.
Yeah, that's a start.
You have got to see this.
[Izzy] Now here is hoping
they understand our plan.
So it was a distress signal?
Now I see.
Hurry, we need to send
an SOS from our ship too.
Copy that.
(signal beeping)
Yes, they got it.
Oh, okay, I get it now.
Well, here's the most
crucial part of the plan.
(whimsical music)
-(lightning strikes)
-(whimsical music)
To minimize as much
disaster as possible,
we have to stop all
the other tankers
from moving right away.
Really, but there's
way too of 'em.
(signal beeping)
Ah, come on slowpokes,
hurry it up!
-Shh, hey, pipe down.
-Oh.
(signal beeping)
Ah, ah.
Please hurry guys.
(whimsical music)
(CM grunt)
-(lightning strikes)
-(creature roars)
(whimsical music)
-(sword squeaking)
-(grunts)
Howling Blaster!
(water splashes)
(grunt)
(gasps)
(yelling)
(water splashes)
Tai no.
They fell into the ocean.
(water bubbling)
(air squeaking)
-(water splashes)
-(whimsical music)
-(water bubbling)
(grunts)
(whimsical music)
(water splashes)
They're over there.
(grunting)
(whimsical music)
Boom bubble.
(roars)
(water booms)
(booming)
(signal beeping)
Awesome, every
system's been recovered
and should be working now.
(signal squeaks)
(digivise rings)
[Garudamon] Sora, the Zurumon
are beginning to scatter.
Huh.
(whimsical music)
We've been chasing them down.
Mighty strange, where
could they be going?
Huh, here's an idea,
maybe they're changing locations
to find a better feeding ground?
What do you mean?
Those Digimon all seem
to feed on data, right?
So they're probably looking
for more data to eat.
[MegaKabuterimon] We
got trouble, Izzy.
-(lightning strikes)
-(whimsical music)
There's a ton of
creepy-looking black lightning
coming out of the spots where
those Zurumon were eating.
I'll start looking into it.
-(whimsical music)
-(substance whooshing)
(air squeaking)
Oh no, I've completely
lost sight of them.
[Garudamon] Sorry, Sora.
Don't worry about it,
we're just relieved
that the ships
are finally back under control.
Yep, all good.
(lightning strikes)
[MegaKabuterimon] The
sparks they left behind
are disappearing too.
What could be the cause?
I wonder if it's 'cause
the Zurumon disappeared?
Now what do you
think it is Izzy?
If I had to guess,
there's a chance that
this black energy
was sent back into
the Digital World,
just like the energy we saw
when we were
fighting Calmaramon.
-Huh.
Something's brewing again,
sounds like more trouble
on the other side.
You mean in the Digital World?
I'm worried about Matt and Tai.
We should go back there and
help them as soon as we can.
Uh, that isn't a bad idea,
but how do we get back there?
Aren't we're stuck here?
(air whooshing)
It's calling.
-Huh.
(air whooshing)
(water bubbling)
-(booming)
-(whimsical music)
(roaring)
(whimsical music)
(water splashes)
(fire ball booms)
(roars)
Boom Bubble!
-(booms)
-(whimsical music)
(water splashes)
-Nice teamwork.
(groans)
I could really go for a nap.
You're awesome, Agumon.
-(water splashes)
-(whimsical music)
They just keep coming.
(whimsical music)
-Oh, no!
-(creature squeaks)
Did they have to summon so many?
(gasp)
Tai, get outta there.
(yells)
Can you hear me, Tai?
(water splashes)
(banging)
Zudomon.
And Joe's with him.
-Oh, yeah.
-Awesome.
-(hammer bangs)
-(upbeat music)
Not starting the party,
without us, are ya.
-(explosion)
-(singing in Japanese)
[Tai] Look, it's Izzy.
(roars)
(singing in Japanese)
Oops, pardon me.
Now, Garudamon.
Wing Blade.
(whimsical music)
(fire ball booms)
Man it's good to see you Tai.
The gang's all here.
You guys actually
came back for us.
Is that you, Tai?
(whimsical music)
[Reporter] Breaking news.
We have just received reports
that the large vessels
clustering in critical areas
have all regained their
navigational control.
With this miraculous
turn of events,
all U.S. aircraft have withdrawn
from the Strait of Hormuz.
Excellent work everyone.
[Narrator] It looks as
though any military conflict
has been avoided
for the time being.
However, the cause of this
incident is still unknown.
Experts say, it may be tied
to the recent chain
of mysterious global
network failures.
In any case,
governments worldwide are
now exercising caution.
(whimsical music)
Kari, no way, how
did you get here?
I'm not too sure, it's
like, I was called here.
(whimsical music)
(lightning striking)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia.
(air whooshing)
Zudomon, this Digimon
digivolves from Ikkakumon.
He's got a husky physique
that's paw-sitively powerful,
and his Vulcan's Hammer move
pounds enemies into dust.
Now, let's check this out.
I've heard that Zudomon's
shell is a sort of trophy
that he's won off other Digimon.
Do you think he has
a whole bunch of 'em?
Maybe he switches them
out depending on his mood.
Ooh, I should look into that.
(whimsical music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
(whimsical music)
[Narrator] On a
strange continent
with powerful Digimon
attacking one after another,
an exciting new journey for
the Digi-Destined begins.
[Narrator] Next time,
to the New Continent,
the adventure continues
in a new world.